[snores]
[Naomi] Dan.
Dan.
What is it?
[Naomi] It's the ghost of Naomi. Dan.
What do you want?
What do you want leave me alone.
[Naomi] Still dreaming
about me all the time?
Yes.
You're all I dream about.
[Naomi] I've moved on
though Dan. deal with it.
It's pathetic looking down at you blubbing
like a teenager.
I can't.
I can't move on.
I can't let go.
Hang on a minute.
why are you a ghost. you're not dead.
Woo. well spotted.
You fat prick.
[shouts]
[grunts and moans]
[upbeat music]
Morning.
Oh. you're all up and ready
nice and early.
Yes. I have a job.
What's your excuse.
early board meeting to
discuss how many cups of tea
you're going to get through.
[Mrs. Whigmore] Yoo hoo.
You do look nice when you make an effort.
Doesn't he look nice when he
makes an effort. Mrs. Whigmore?
Oh. he does. handsome fella. still single?
Course he is. still moping
around about the old one.
[laughs]
[Dan laughs]
Oh. I'm glad my relationship
break up's so funny.
you vile old biffers.
You know she does a preclean
before you come round. don't you?
Oh ho. I'm sure she does not.
Oh she does. you're cleaning
freshly cleaned rooms.
I'll start in the
front room shall I Polly?
Yes. it's probably best.
Just dust the figurines and vacuum.
Yes the fireplace is fine.
Yes. because she's cleaned it.
You're a horrible boy.
How can she say her only son is horrible.
Nasty old lady with little wrinkled face.
Look at it. look at the little
claws picking up the tea
-isn't she clever.
-Get off me you daft bicker.
I'll see you later.
Make me some dinner or I'll kill you.
Mrs. Whigmore's gonna come
and clear up your pigsty
of a room in a couple of days.
your dad says it's in a right state.
Yes. it's almost as if
he dressed as the ghost
of my ex and beat the
shit out of me in it.
-What?
-Nothing.
Oh Dan.
[Dan] I'm gone now old
lady. I'll see you tonight.
Haven't you got a parents evening tonight?
Fuck!
[laughs]
Anything else?
Your car is well wicked.
Why thank you Dennis.
most people think it's a wreck though.
I've often thought. in a certain light.
you resemble a young James Stewart. sir.
Thank you. Maureen.
I wish you were my dad.
I love parents' evening.
-[bell rings]
-Right. enjoy your lunch.
Do your worst. my mum
thinks you're a dick.
[upbeat music]
Come on hand it over.
Give me them.
Thank you.
I can't believe it. I could
have sworn lefty was heaviest.
You saw it with your
own eyes. the right hooter
is carrying four more ounces.
-Alright.
-Hello.
Good morning.
I've just been weighing Jo's cans for her.
Doing my little bit for feminism.
I see.
I'll get the scales back and
weigh your nuts if you like.
No thanks.
Come on Lord Lucan.
I'll get the scales back.
we'll put your little hairy conkers on the
scale.
Oh. someone woke up on
the irritating side of bed. didn't they?
Yeah. he's been a real pain today.
I had to let him weigh my milk
sacks just to calm him down.
Congratulations. I think
that's the most revolting
descriptions of breasts I've ever heard.
Is it?
Beef bags!
-[Cook] Oi!
-Mickey! Mickey. over here.
Mickey. Brian. Mickey.
Dan. Dan. Brian. Mickey.
Hello Mickey.
You all set for the
rehearsal tonight Mickey?
Cool. see you later Mickey.
Would you like to or shall I?
No. please.
What the fuck was that?
Mickey.
Mickey Two-Face.
I've gone into management.
he's my first client.
What does he do?
Never mind that. why's
he called Mickey Two-Face?
He's got two faces.
He's an entertainer.
Certainly enough
information for me. Brian?
Oh yeah.
Well tomorrow night he's gig
up at Fat Chan's. come along.
Let me see. going to see
a man with a hidden second face
perform a nonspecific act
above a Chinese restaurant.
that's not sad is it?
Look. I know this Naomi
thing has hit you hard.
No it hasn't hit me hard.
I'm perfectly accepting of
the fact that I have nothing
-to offer women.
-You have.
Yeah. you've got that dart board.
That is yours right?
See. I'm trapped.
I'm the Colonel Abrams of my own body.
Who's Colonel Abrams?
[mouths musical beat]
♪ Listen what you say.
listen what your friends say ♪
♪ It's a tough decision to make ♪
♪ I don't really want to lose you ♪
♪ But I don't want your folks to ♪
♪ Turn me over to the hands of the law ♪
♪ I guess they think that
I'm not good enough for you ♪
♪ I can tell the way
they act with attitude ♪
♪ As the tears ♪
♪ As the tears roll from my eyes ♪
-♪ I feel ♪
-♪ I feel the hurt inside ♪
♪ As I reach ♪
♪ As I reach out for you.
oh I'm so confused ♪
♪ Oh I'm trapped like
a fool I'm in a cage ♪
♪ I can't get out. see how I'm trapped ♪
♪ Can't you see ♪
I will get Bob.
[upbeat music]
Ah Mr. Davis.
-Oh Miss Lipsy.
-How's it going?
Well I've never been so bored in my life.
Parents are weird.
♪ Some of them stink♪
Where's your mark book?
I don't need it.
It's all up here in the super computer.
Test me if you like. ask
me any child's grade.
-OK. David Sage.
-B plus.
-You made that up.
-Prove it.
I think a departmental
audit is long overdue for you.
God. just kiss me.
Let them talk.
You've got a customer.
What is it. the height?
I'll have surgery.
I can lose a foot of
bone for you. Emma Lipsy.
Oscar Wilde will see you now.
I'm not gay.
[upbeat music]
Mickey Two-Face tomorrow night. sir.
Mickey Two-Face tomorrow night. madame.
That's him. he's practicing.
No one could say that Dennis
is lacking in commitment.
Ah. he loves it. don't you?
Will we wipe the alien scum out. sir.
cut their faces off?
Uh. maybe. Dennis.
-He does get quite cross.
-No I don't!
OK. alright Dennis. look
there's Joe. go play with Joe.
-Yeah.
-Go on.
I don't let them cut
each others faces off.
[laughs] No.
Mr. Davis. he loves your lessons.
And since his dad left.
he needs happy times.
Oh I'm sorry to hear that.
No. don't be. good
riddance. he was an idiot.
-Ah.
-[laughs]
There aren't many decent blokes about
so you be sure to tell your
girlfriend how lucky she is.
Think her new boyfriend
might have something
to say about that. fucking prick.
Sorry. um.
listen um. if you ever want to go and
slag 'em off over a
drink. you let me know.
What?
God I'm so sorry. was that inappropriate?
Yes please. tomorrow. yes please.
[laughs] Well I'm busy
tomorrow I'm afraid but
you give me a call.
Mr. Teacher.
Dennis. Dennis. Dennis!
[upbeat music]
A date mate. an actual date.
I thought it was over but I'm back.
I'm back with a heavyweight jam.
Dan that's great mate but. darling please.
not in your mouth.
I'm tidying my room just in case.
Don't try and bring
her back on a first date
especially not to that
dump. oh my god.
not in the. in the bowl.
She might want to come back though eh?
Look. she's a mother. she'll
have a babysitter waiting.
She's gonna want more than
a grope from a fat bloke
in a bedsit. Jesus you know nothing.
[Dan] Ah but I do though mate.
I finally get women at
last. it's brilliant.
I can't stop smiling.
Dan. you weighed Jo's
tits on a set of scales.
Oh my god. is that not OK?
It's OK with Jo.
It's not OK with all other women.
Oh shit.
What if I ruin the date.
OK you're gonna have to help me tonight.
-How?
-Mock date.
-What? Eh?
I need a mock date.
Stop saying mock date.
Listen mate if this goes wrong.
you're only going to have
to hang out with me more
and I'll probably start
making weird noises like this.
[grunts]
Yes. fine. yes. shush.
I'll ask Judah if I can pop out for a bit.
Pick me up at eight and
we'll go through some stuff.
Great. Mock date.
[Brian] No. we're just going to
talk through a few things.
if you say mock date one more time.
I won't do it.
Alright.
Are you saying mock date?
No.
-[shouts]
-Mock date eh?
[mumbles] It stinks in here.
It's hardly a terrible
surprise I am having a shit.
You've got your own toilet.
Stop letting yourself
into my flat for a shit.
Daniel. I had a rack of lamb yesterday.
Your Mum doesn't want to smell this.
You said it yourself. it's horrendous.
I'm trying to get on with my life you
freak.
You don't get me at all do you?
I only want to help.
What by curling one out in my toilet?
Get dressed.
Please Dad. I've got a lot to think about
I can't cope with being attacked today.
Get dressed while I finish up in here.
I want to show you something.
It'll help you.
I promise.
[upbeat music]
[Jo] Mickey Two-Face.
even Simon Cowell said.
and I quote. "He was a bit much."
♪ Mickey Two-Face. Mickey Mickey Two-Face
come along for Mickey ♪
♪ Mickey Two-Face. cause it's a thing ♪
♪ And I'll get you on the guest list ♪
Jo. for God's sake. turn it down.
♪ Mickey Two-Face.
Mickey. Mickey Two-Face ♪
♪ Not one face but two faces.
not one face but two faces ♪
♪ Mickey Two-Face.
Mickey. Mickey Two-Face ♪
♪ Coming out with another two faces ♪
♪ Mickey Two-Face. Mickey.
Mickey Two-Face ♪
Well what are we doing here?
That's Brenda Kirkbee's old place.
Who?
My first love.
Oh.
Thick red hair. pale skin.
the most beautiful green eyes.
I asked her out to the school dance.
I was so nervous I thought
my heart would leap from my mouth
but she said yes.
She said yes.
I couldn't believe it.
Neither of us knew what to do really.
We held hands.
We chatted. We were so happy.
But. her mum was religious
so outside of school hours
we were totally forbidden
from seeing each other.
What ever?
Huh. seems crazy now doesn't it?
But I wanted to show her how much I cared
so every night at 7:30. I'd walk here
and wait for her to come
to that very bedroom window
and I'd wave at her and blow her a kiss.
She'd blow me a kiss
and I'd walk home again.
Every night?
Every night.
18 months and 11 days.
That is one of the
most romantic stories I've ever heard.
[laughs]
Yeah well. anyway.
all's well that ends well.
Eventually. I fucked
her against that wall.
What?
Yeah that very wall.
Word to the wise son. stay
away from those gingers.
It's a nest down there.
Alright thank you. goodbye.
Right here.
Like this.
[grunts and groans]
[upbeat music]
[knocks]
[Brian] Alright I'm coming then.
Not around his neck.
Bye.
Mock date.
I brought you a gift.
What's this?
Bag of chops.
Well that's not a very good start is it?
Eh. you love a pork chop.
I'm not me. I'm your date.
You wouldn't bring a girl
a bag of pork would you?
Of course you would. OK.
Thank you for my chops.
I'll put them in a vase later.
No problem.
Let's go.
[upbeat music]
[clears throat]
Well. this is nice. well done.
I didn't have a choice.
Jo wants us to go and see
that Mickey Two-Face bloke. doesn't she?
Try and make me feel special.
You don't want to be single
for the rest of your life. do you?
Can I get you some drinks?
Why don't you order for us?
Bloody hell is this girl disabled.
Dan.
Two pints of lager. please.
Don't buy her lager without asking.
Christ this is hard.
Right. so.
here we are.
Now what?
What do you mean now what?
I've ordered the lagers.
now let's see what we want to eat.
Yes. let's but. let's
have some small talk first.
You lead.
You alright?
Yes. thank you.
I've been at work today
so nothing very exciting.
Right.
Aren't you interested in what I do?
I know what you do don't I?
You do that boring thing in the office
-with Barbara the mute.
-I'm not me. I'm her.
-[sighs]
-So let's say I'm a chemist.
Right. I imagine you
really wanted to be a doctor.
No. I wanted to be a chemist.
Oh really.
It's the same training actually.
Yes and that's what vets say isn't it.
It's the same training
but if it all goes tits up
down here I'm not going to ask a vet
to stick his fingers up my ass.
I could have done
without being at work today
because little what's his name. my kid.
-Dennis.
-Little Dennis was poorly.
Right.
It's tough bringing up
a child as a working mum.
OK.
What would you like to eat?
Ah show some interest. empathise.
you've got no idea how hard
it is raising a kid do you?
Forgot what it's like being myself.
I don't need to empathise
because I teach the little prick.
I probably spend more
time with him than you do.
While you're off swanning
around your chemist.
-writing prescriptions.
-[mumbles] yourself.
Recognise.
The fuck are you wearing?
Get lost. it's Hugo Boss nineties style.
I'm proper big time now.
Ignore him.
He's being thoughtless.
Oh drink your lager sweetheart.
Sorry Jo. the mock date's
not going very well.
Oh. listen are you still
coming to see Mickey?
Get there about nine.
you do not want to miss
the opening. believe me. it's so good I.
it made me sick up in my mouth.
Yeah we'll try.
We've got a few things to sort out here.
Right see you then.
[sighs]
Are you alright Brian?
I had my hair cut especially for this.
You haven't said a bloody word.
You're supposed to be
making me feel special.
Three kids I've had. all
day. on my own for what?
For a pint of lager with a stupid man.
Your hair looks nice.
And I won't be like this
on the actual date. will I?
And I'm really grateful you're helping me.
Are you?
Yes.
[gasps]
Fuck my face.
What?
That's her.
-Who?
-The woman.
The woman we're doing the mock date for.
that's her with another man.
[gasps]
-Lady Macbeth.
-Dan.
She's on a date. it's what people do.
Maybe you should concentrate
on the date you're on.
What?
Nothing.
I'm gonna go over.
Dan do not go over there.
If you value my opinion
at all do not go over there.
Well. well. well.
Hi.
-Mister um...
-Davis.
Yes sorry I know that.
it's just I realised
I don't know your first name.
It's Mr. Davis to you.
Is there a problem?
Oh there's a problem my friend.
My...
white shirted friend.
-Is there? No.
-I would say so wouldn't you?
No. oh perhaps you'd like to tell Mr.
Jeans here exactly what you
and I were discussing last night.
No I wouldn't.
Well maybe I would.
-Dan.
-Get your hands off me.
OK.
Mr. Davis here is Dennis's teacher
and yesterday we were at
a parent/teacher meeting.
That's right. I'm a teacher.
Head of department as it goes.
Oh. he doesn't like the title does he.
Now who the hell are you?
Well.
He's my probation officer.
What?
Yes. I am.
What the hell have you done?
It's none of your business.
I think you'll find it is my business.
If I'm gonna be dating a criminal.
I'd like to know what I'm up against.
No. we are not going to be dating.
Come on mate give me
a steal what's she done?
I'm sorry. what's going on here?
Well. apparently my
son's teacher is a lunatic.
Listen. if she's just been nicking makeup
'cause she's lonely I
can cope with that bit.
-Dan.
-God this is so embarrassing.
Yes it is embarrassing.
So let's just all lay
our cards on the table.
I'll start.
When I was a child I
once stole a whole jar
of cola cubes from a
newsagent. your turn.
Please go away.
-Dan. come on. sit down.
-Sorry. who are you?
-I'm his date. actually.
-Brian.
Oh. I see.
No. you don't see.
He's not my real date.
Then what the hell am I?
[Dan] Brian?
Dan?
Oh. oh. perfect.
Oh. well. this is fucking perfect.
Oh. well done. you got me.
Checkmate.
I don't even believe in you.
and you've done me up
like a bastard kipper.
Well. fuck you. Winona Ryder.
And fuck you. Naomi.
And fuck you. sock feet.
And you. little tiny bag shoulder.
And you. I've seen you
behind me. earrings ears.
Fucking rice mouth.
Fuck you. bat wing sleeves.
Oh. someone's put gel in his hair.
Fuck you. gel head.
Ah. fuck you. cracker hand.
[explodes]
Everybody out.
Mickey's fucked it.
-[screams and yells]
-[alarm blares]
-Pub?
[siren wails]
[snores]
[Mrs. Whigmore] Yoo hoo. Daniel.
[gasps]
-Only me. love.
-Oh.
Oh. dear. someone had a bit of a night.
Bit of an awful night.
Oh. dear. no nice ladies out there?
Plenty of nice ladies.
just no nice Daniels.
Mrs. Whigmore. I'm useless.
Oh. shush yourself.
You're a lovely young man. I told you.
I'm not you know. I'm really not.
Mrs. Whigmore thinks you are.
Um.
♪ I see trees of green ♪
♪ Red roses too ♪
♪ I see them bloom for me and you ♪
♪ And I think to myself ♪
♪ What a wonderful world ♪
♪ I see skies of blue ♪
♪ And clouds of white ♪
♪ Bright blessed day ♪
[pants and moans]
♪ The dark sacred night ♪
♪ And I think to myself ♪
♪ What a wonderful world ♪
Well.
I'll...
shall I?
Yeah.
[vacuum thrums]
♪ And I think to myself ♪
♪ What a wonderful world ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪